I've wanted to do the kind of work I'm
doing in the moment since I was about
five years old right now we're sitting
on the tip of the Antarctic Peninsula
while filming for Blue Planet 2
all right so this good spot on the man
will come out off our left and come back
to our right that's yeah bro
alright here we go that's a really nice
I was definitely bitten by the pull-up
bug when I did my first trip to
Antarctica for me it's special that I
know how privileged I am to come every
season but I always wants to go
somewhere I haven't been either by
myself or if that's bringing a film team
one of the things I was hoping to film
in this trip was sea ice what we noticed
was there are many seals popping through
ice holes so we really wanted to land on
the ice and bring the camera I love will
go down a little bit this has been heard
that if the helicopter stays a bit by
the way we walk towards them you think
this is probably a beauty thing yeah I
think it's bad enough you go first
it could be very dangerous it was a bit
daunting landing on sea ice because you
don't know how thick it is this time of
year it's melting
when it flew away you left completely
alone on this vast expanse of ice for
the first few minutes it was slightly
unnerving
you have three over there for over there
it's a good walk and they could pick us
up there if we don't want to go back
again so is it solid ice underneath so
it's a bit of slush on the surface yeah
and then I wouldn't worry good I'm glad
you're not wearing famous last words
that's interesting
great so either the tripod is very heavy
oh yes you've been having too much
supper should we go that way if you go
behind me okay and the trail with Martin
was slightly unnerving because he kept
falling through the first few feet of
ice assuring us it was fine yes we have
here seeing you disappearance the ice
doesn't fill me with confidence
I will be fine weird life Jackson and
dry suits feels quite solid down there
oh good
how much you weigh I'm not gonna tell
them we have too much isn't one camera
and and a big one up in there as well
not making it official
it's amazing this is proper wedding
stuff
compounder I don't have you seen the man
yes on our side of these icebergs we
have the two seals that will try to film
I'm just gonna move in a bit is what I'm
guessing at the moment is a bit wide
the most important thing with any animal
is to be on the eye level of the animal
if you can be intimate with them quiet
and I level it's always enthralling
the moments when everything works when
that moment finally arrives in the
behavior happens the iceberg floating
past at the right angle those moments
are so worth waiting for
I think the wildlife program shows a lot
of people places that they never even
thought could exist and hopefully death
will result in more people interested in
an environment that is fairly fragile
most of the time in your life you are so
busy that you're not thinking about
what's around you you walk down the road
and you don't see what's above you you
don't see what's beneath your feet
but coming away on trips like this means
you can just look it's an amazing thing
to be able to do
you